Completed
=========

0.0.1
-----

With this update I intended to make something that could edit files, not
well, but I wanted a prototype.

 - Can open, edit and save files.

0.0.2
-----

With this version, I intended to make something that would pass as a
tolerable editor, so that I could use it to start editing itself.

 - Tab support.
 - Navigation controls.
 - Multiple buffers.

0.0.3
-----

With this version, I intended to create something that surpassed the
features of a basic editor like nano, and would become actually useful
for me to use.

 - Command-line options for running commands and opening files.
 - Improved indentation with auto and trim mode.
 - Efficient buffer updates to the screen.
 - Shift, copy, and paste commands.

0.1.0
-----

This version is focussed on making the editor usable for me, and for
other people. It is a lot more configurable, user friendly, and large
chunks of code have been re-written. The goal is to make the code-base
manageable and into something I can be happy to use and proud of.

It's by far the biggest update so far, but is the most important.

 - New commands: saveall, kill, translate, remap, unmap, cut,
   basebar, conffile.
 - Loading configs on startup.
 - Autogenerated configs for different keyboard layouts.
 - Autogenerated documentation for commands/keybindings.
 - '!' argument for quit and kill.
 - Fix cursor rendering for lineify.
 - Movement mode.
 - Esc+enter inserts newline before current line.
 - Rewrote ui.c, window bars, commands, files.
 - Jump to buffers whhen quitting if they are modified.
 - Command log buffers.

0.1.1
-----

 - Only one dep file is generated.
 - This changelog.
 - Added save command run binding to Ctrl+S.
   (perhaps this means in a later version we remove Esc+s,
    or make Esc+s saveall instead of Esc+S)

Upcoming
========

0.2.0
-----

 - [x] Command bar scrollback.
 - [x] Long cursor mode.
 - [ ] Checking file modification times.
 - [x] Rebound many keys. kcd mode to Ctrl+^, buf mode to Ctrl+E,
       lineify to Ctrl+S, mov mode to Esc+m, save_r to Esc+s,
       saveall_r to Esc+S
 - [ ] Tab completion for commands.

0.3.0
-----

 - [ ] Block navigation commands.
 - [ ] "Are you sure?" messages.

0.4.0
-----

 - [ ] More efficient rendering of window bars.
 - [ ] Support for multiple windows.

1.0.0
-----

 - [ ] Rewritten buffer system.
 - [ ] Multithreading.

Features for the future
-----------------------

- [ ] Undo/redo.
- [ ] Autosave.
- [ ] Git integration.
- [ ] Syntax highlighting.
