Features
========

A list of features planned and included in each version of Edil. This file
serves as a changelog, and a to-do list.

0.0.1 (Complete)
----------------

With this update I intended to make something that could edit files, not
well, but I wanted a prototype.

- [x] Can open files
- [x] Can edit files
- [x] Can save files

0.0.2 (Complete)
----------------

With this version, I intended to make something that would pass as a
tolerable editor, so that I could use it to start editing itself.

- [x] Support for tabs.
- [x] More navigation controls.
- [x] Support for multiple buffers.

0.0.3 (Complete)
----------------

With this version, I intended to create something that surpassed the
features of a basic editor like nano, and would become actually useful
for me to use.

- [x] Command-line options for commands & opening files.
- [x] Tabs auto mode understands blank lines.
- [x] Trim mode for tabs.
- [x] Efficient updates to the screen for buffers.
- [x] Commands and modes using both cursors.

0.0.4
-----

This version is focussed on making the editor usable for me, and for
other people. It is a lot more configurable, user friendly, and large
chunks of code have been re-written. The goal is to make the code-base
manageable and into something I can be happy to use and proud of.

It's by far the biggest update so far, but is the most important.

- [x] New 'saveall' command.
- [x] New 'translate', 'remap', 'unmap' commands.
- [x] New 'loadconf' command.
- [x] New 'kill' command.
- [x] Edil loads configs on startup.
- [x] Autogenerated configs for keyboard layouts.
- [x] Autogenerated documentation for bindings.
- [x] Autogenerated documentation for commands.
- [x] '!' argument for quit and kill.
- [x] Fix cursor rendering for lineify.
- [x] Movement mode.
- [x] Esc+Enter inserts newline before current line.
- [x] Rewrote window bars into their own file..
- [x] Rewrote ui.c into binds/.
- [x] Rewrote cmd/ entirely using new macros.
- [x] Jump to buffers when quitting if they are modified.
- [x] Added a file.c, with functions for managing files easily.
- [x] Command log buffer.

0.0.5
-----

- [ ] Checking file modification times.
- [ ] Command bar scrollback.
- [ ] More efficient rendering of window bars.
- [ ] "Are you sure?" messages.
- [ ] Block navigation commands.
- [ ] Long cursor mode.
- [ ] Support for multiple windows.

1.0.0
-----

- [ ] Rewritten buffer system
- [ ] Multithreading

Features that are needed sometime
---------------------------------

- [ ] Undo/redo
- [ ] Autosave
- [ ] Git integration
- [ ] Syntax highlighting
